map("close instance", "After the commercial audit is successfully completed the accounting employee gives payment instructions and closes the instance in ACME financial accounting.")
map("create docket", "The docket and the copy of the invoice go to the internal mail together and are sent to the first cost center manager to the list.")
map("conduct visual inspection", "As a basic principle ACME AG receives invoices on paper or fax.")
map("give payment instructions", "The copy of the invoice including the docket moves back to the accounting employee in the appropriate signature file.")
map("check invoice items", "She then checks the invoice items and notes the corresponding cost center at the ACME AG and the related cost center managers for each position on a separate form -LRB- docket -RRB-.")
map("conduct commercial audit", "After all invoice items are AP the accounting employee forwards the copy of the invoice to the commercial manager.")
map("identify charging supplier", "These are received by the Secretariat in the central inbox and forwarded after a short visual inspection to an accounting employee.")
map("conduct ap", "Should everything be in order he notes his code one on the docket -LRB- accurate position - AP -RRB- and returns the copy of the invoice to the internal mail.")
map("issue the approval for payment", "He makes the commercial audit and issues the approval for payment.")
map("create instance", "In ACME Financial Accounting a software specially developed for the ACME AG she identifies the charging suppliers and creates a new instance -LRB- invoice -RRB-.")
map("forward copy of the invoice", "From it the copy of the invoice is passed on to the next cost center manager based on the docket or if all items are marked correct sent back to accounting.")
map("deliver copy of the invoice & docket", "He reviews the content for accuracy after receiving the copy of the invoice.")
map("conduct check", "She then checks the invoice items and notes the corresponding cost center at the ACME AG and the related cost center managers for each position on a separate form -LRB- docket -RRB-.")
