map("create trouble report", "Either trouble report or the normal execution notification will be included in a status report and sent back to Service Management.")
map("undertake corrective actions", "Based on the tracked errors all necessary corrective actions are undertaken by Resource Provisioning.")
map("perform problem analysis", "In case Service Management assesses the problem to be not analyzable by themselves the detailed problem report is sent out to Resource Provisioning.")
map("prepare final status report", "Service Management then prepares the final status report based on the received information.")
map("determine significance of the customer", "An electronic service then determines the significance of the customer based on information that has been collected during the history of the contractual relationship.")
map("report sla violation rebate to billing & collections for billing adjustment", "Then two concurrent activities are triggered i.e. i -RRB- a report is created for the customer which details the current service performance and the resolution of the problem and ii -RRB- an SLA violation rebate is reported to Billing \ & Collections who will adjust the billing.")
map("create notification of normal service execution", "If no problems are detected a notification about the normal service execution is created.")
map("create trouble report indicating the type of problem", "If Service Management is sure they can analyze it they perform the analysis and based on the outcome they create a trouble report that indicates the type of problem.")
map("send out actual service performance", "For the case that no problem was detected at all the actual service performance is sent back to the Customer Service.")
map("create detailed problem report incl. contract commitment data and actions", "Taking together the information -LRB- i.e. contract commitment data + prioritized actions -RRB- a detailed problem report is created.")
map("compare customer sla and problem report", "In case the customer is premium the process will link to an extra problem fix process -LRB- this process will not be detailed here -RRB-.")
map("investigate whether problem is analyzable at this level", "After receiving the detailed problem report Service management investigates whether the problem is analyzable at the level of their department or whether the problem may be located at Resource Provisioning.")
map("enter problem report", "At the customer service an employee enters -LRB- based on the received data -RRB- a problem report into system T. Then the problem report is compared to the customer SLA to identify what the extent and the details of the service degradation are.")
map("check for possible problems", "In case Service Management assesses the problem to be not analyzable by themselves the detailed problem report is sent out to Resource Provisioning.")
map("determine counter measures incl. priorities", "In case the customer is of certain significance which would affect the counter measures previously decided upon the process goes back to re-prioritize these measures otherwise the process continues.")
map("create report for automatic resource restoration", "For the case that automatic resource restoration from Resource Provisioning is required Service Management must create a request for automatic resource restoration.")
map("analyze problem causes in detail", "If a problem is detected this will be analyzed by Resource Provisioning and a trouble report is created.")
map("create trouble-shooting report", "Then a trouble-shooting report is created.")
map("perform plausibility check", "Based on this the necessary counter measures are determined including their respective priorities.")
map("create report for customer about performance and problem resolution", "After the customer then receives the report about service performance and problem resolution from Customer Service the process flow at the customer also ends.")
map("create problem resolution report", "After the customer then receives the report about service performance and problem resolution from Customer Service the process flow at the customer also ends.")
map("determine counter measures based on the final status report", "Subsequently it has to be determined what counter measures should be taken depending on the information in the final status report.")
map("create status report", "Service Management then prepares the final status report based on the received information.")
map("track errors", "After the restoration request is received all possible errors are tracked.")
map("send list of problem parameters", "A list with all the problem parameters is then sent to the Customer Service department of TELECO.")
