map("create cis contract", "If there are not any objections by the grid operator -LRB- i.e. no supplier concurrence -RRB- customer service creates a CIS contract.")
map("check contract documents", "Subsequently the contract documents are generated once again.")
map("send documents", "In case of a positive response a confirmation document is sent out to the customer stating that the switch-over to the new supplier can be executed.")
map("check customer's first registration", "The comparison of data is done to prevent individual customer data being stored multiple times.")
map("enter customer data object", "The customer data is received by customer service and based on this data a customer data object is entered into the CRM system.")
map("confirm switch contract", "The customer then has the chance to check the contract details and based on this check may decide to either withdraw from the switch contract or confirm it.")
map("send meter data", "At the same time the grid operator computes the final billing based on the meter data and sends it to the old supplier.")
map("create customer", "In case the customer does not exist in the customer data base a new customer object is being created which will remain the data object of interest during the rest of the process flow.")
map("perform error handling", "In case of any errors these should be corrected on the basis of a simple error list.")
map("prepare contract documents", "The generated customer object is then used in combination with other customer data to prepare the contract documents for the power supplier switch -LRB- including data such as bank connection information on the selected rate requested date of switch-over -RRB-.")
map("check for supplier concurrence", "The switch-over request is checked by the grid operator for supplier concurrence and the grid operator transmits a response comment.")
map("import meter data", "After receiving the meter data customer service imports the meter data to systems that require the information.")
map("withdraw from switch contract", "The customer then has the chance to check the contract details and based on this check may decide to either withdraw from the switch contract or confirm it.")
map("compute final billing", "At the same time the grid operator computes the final billing based on the meter data and sends it to the old supplier.")
map("check customer data", "After customer data has been entered it should then be compared with the internal customer data base and checked for completeness and plausibility.")
map("check outcome of supplier check", "In the case of supplier concurrence the grid operator would inform all involved suppliers and demand the resolution of the conflict.")
map("request switch-over", "The process is initiated by a switch-over request.")
