map("change equipment", "The MPON and the MPOO perform the equipment acquisition and\/or equipment changes.")
map("inform about the successful completion of the entire process", "The MPON informs the GO about the failure of the entire process or the MPON informs the GO about the successful completion of the entire process.")
map("reject the application of the mpon", "The GO rejects the application of the MPON or the GO confirmes the application of the MPON.")
map("confirm the application of the mpon", "The GO confirms the assignment to the MPON.")
map("confirm the failure of the assignment", "The GO confirms the assignment to the MPON.")
map("inform about the failure of the entire process", "The MPON informs the GO about the failure of the entire process or the MPON informs the GO about the successful completion of the entire process.")
map("inform about the failure of the overall transaction by deadline", "The GO informs the MPON about the failure of the overall transaction by deadline if after a maximum time limit no message of the MPON is present at the GO.")
map("inform about the failure of the assignment of the mpon", "The GO informs the MSPO about the failure of the assignment of the MPON or the GO informs the MSPO about the assignment of the MPON.")
map("assign mpon", "If the MPON informs the GO about the successful completion of the overall process the GO assigns the MPON.")
map("confirm assignment", "The GO confirms the assignment to the MPON.")
map("inform about the confirmation of the application", "The GO informs the MSPO about the registration confirmation of the MPON.")
map("inform about the assignment of the mpon", "The GO informs the MSPO about the failure of the assignment of the MPON or the GO informs the MSPO about the assignment of the MPON.")
map("acquire equipment", "The MPON and the MPOO perform the equipment acquisition and\/or equipment changes.")
map("inform about the registration of the mspo", "The GO informs the MSPO about the registration confirmation of the MPON.")
