map("conduct commercial audit", "He makes the commercial audit and issues the approval for payment.")
map("create instance", "In ACME Financial Accounting a software specially developed for the ACME AG she identifies the charging suppliers and creates a new instance -LRB- invoice -RRB-.")
map("deliver copy of the invoice & docket", "From it the copy of the invoice is passed on to the next cost center manager based on the docket or if all items are marked correct sent back to accounting.")
map("clarify inconsistencies", "When all inconsistencies are resolved the copy of the invoice is sent to the cost center managers again and the process continues.")
map("issue the approval for payment", "He makes the commercial audit and issues the approval for payment.")
map("give payment instructions", "After the commercial audit is successfully completed the accounting employee gives payment instructions and closes the instance in ACME financial accounting.")
map("conduct check", "If the bill amount exceeds EUR 20000 the Board wants to check it again -LRB- 4-eyes-principle -RRB-.")
map("conduct ap", "After all invoice items are AP the accounting employee forwards the copy of the invoice to the commercial manager.")
map("check invoice items", "She then checks the invoice items and notes the corresponding cost center at the ACME AG and the related cost center managers for each position on a separate form -LRB- docket -RRB-.")
map("conduct visual inspection", "These are received by the Secretariat in the central inbox and forwarded after a short visual inspection to an accounting employee.")
map("close instance", "After the commercial audit is successfully completed the accounting employee gives payment instructions and closes the instance in ACME financial accounting.")
map("create docket", "In ACME Financial Accounting a software specially developed for the ACME AG she identifies the charging suppliers and creates a new instance -LRB- invoice -RRB-.")
map("identify charging supplier", "In ACME Financial Accounting a software specially developed for the ACME AG she identifies the charging suppliers and creates a new instance -LRB- invoice -RRB-.")
map("forward copy of the invoice", "These are received by the Secretariat in the central inbox and forwarded after a short visual inspection to an accounting employee.")
