map("withdraw from switch contract", "The customer then has the chance to check the contract details and based on this check may decide to either withdraw from the switch contract or confirm it.")
map("create cis contract", "If there are not any objections by the grid operator -LRB- i.e. no supplier concurrence -RRB- customer service creates a CIS contract.")
map("check customer data", "After customer data has been entered it should then be compared with the internal customer data base and checked for completeness and plausibility.")
map("prepare contract documents", "The generated customer object is then used in combination with other customer data to prepare the contract documents for the power supplier switch -LRB- including data such as bank connection information on the selected rate requested date of switch-over -RRB-.")
map("confirm switch contract", "The customer then has the chance to check the contract details and based on this check may decide to either withdraw from the switch contract or confirm it.")
map("send meter data", "At the same time the grid operator computes the final billing based on the meter data and sends it to the old supplier.")
map("request switch-over", "The process is initiated by a switch-over request.")
map("check customer's first registration", "The switch-over request is checked by the grid operator for supplier concurrence and the grid operator transmits a response comment.")
map("send documents", "In case of a positive response a confirmation document is sent out to the customer stating that the switch-over to the new supplier can be executed.")
map("check outcome of supplier check", "The switch-over request is checked by the grid operator for supplier concurrence and the grid operator transmits a response comment.")
map("check for supplier concurrence", "The switch-over request is checked by the grid operator for supplier concurrence and the grid operator transmits a response comment.")
map("create customer", "If there are not any objections by the grid operator -LRB- i.e. no supplier concurrence -RRB- customer service creates a CIS contract.")
map("enter customer data object", "The customer data is received by customer service and based on this data a customer data object is entered into the CRM system.")
map("import meter data", "After receiving the meter data customer service imports the meter data to systems that require the information.")
map("check contract documents", "Subsequently the contract documents are generated once again.")
map("check offered switch contract", "The customer then has the chance to check the contract details and based on this check may decide to either withdraw from the switch contract or confirm it.")
map("perform error handling", "In case of any errors these should be corrected on the basis of a simple error list.")
map("send switch offer", "An additional constraint is that the customer can only withdraw from the offered contract within 7 days after the 7th day the contract will be regarded as accepted and the process continues.")
map("compute final billing", "At the same time the grid operator computes the final billing based on the meter data and sends it to the old supplier.")
