map("store and print notice", "The registration form as well as the print from the information system are stored in the patient file.")
map("complete file with second info", "As soon as this copy is received the secretarial office will inform the second intaker and add the copy to the patient file.")
map("answer notice", "The new patient is added on the list of new notices.")
map("store assignment", "The secretarial office stores the assignment of each patient of the assignment list in the information system.")
map("ask for medical file", "For each new assignment it is also determined whether the medical file of the patient is required.")
map("meet with second intaker", "For each of these patients the first and second intaker together with the team-leader and the attending psychiatrist formulate a treatment plan.")
map("plan meeting with first intaker", "The first intaker plans a meeting with the patient as soon as this is possible.")
map("hand out cards", "The assignments are recorded on an assignment list which is handed to the secretarial office.")
map("close case", "An intaker keeps this registration with him at times when visiting the patient and in his close proximity when he is at the office.")
map("create patient file", "For new patients a patient file is created.")
map("meet with first intaker", "The first intaker plans a meeting with the patient as soon as this is possible.")
map("determine nursing officer", "For each new assignment it is also determined whether the medical file of the patient is required.")
map("update patient file", "For new patients a patient file is created.")
map("determine treatment", "For each new assignment it is also determined whether the medical file of the patient is required.")
map("type out conversation", "The secretarial office types out these tapes after which the information is added to the patient file.")
map("assign intakers", "Each patient will be assigned to a social-medical worker who will act as the first intaker of the patient.")
map("record notice", "This information is recorded on a registration form.")
map("plan meeting with second intaker", "The first intaker plans a meeting with the patient as soon as this is possible.")
